Wii Fit Update
Published on June 10, 2008.
I’ve been “playing” this Wii Fit thing for about two weeks now.
So far I’ve lost a few pounds and I think I’m probably quite a bit more “fit” than I was before.
I guess the most remarkable fact is that I’m still at it after a few weeks.
I’ve already pretty much unlocked everything in the game, so I just go through the normal exercises in my routine.
It’d be cool if new exercises were to show up as downloadable content or something.
I’ve been feeling pretty good lately as well.
Besides the major pain factor of the “plank” exercise, most of the stuff isn’t too bad.
I think I’ve already been building muscle, and now the actual weight loss might begin to show.
I’m also trying to eat less.
“Normal” portions in the US are way too big, so I’ve been trying to get small stuff for lunch and share things when possible.
It seems to be having a positive effect.
I also seem to be more flexible during the yoga stuff.
Who knows if I’m doing it right, but the Tree thing is a lot easier for me to do (and my foot actually can go up that high now).
I’d like to get a Wii and Wii Fit for my parents since they’d probably enjoy doing the exercises and could probably use the exercise themselves.
Too bad it costs a bunch and the equipment is still in high demand and short supply.
Overall I’d say the product is pretty sweet, and if you have enough self-motivation paired with the game’s motivation (it says stuff like, “I see you were too busy to exercise last night…” when you miss a day) you can easily live a healthier lifestyle.